Refactor: explicitly skip disabled tests (#21)
makerdao/pe-checklists: spell/spell-crafter-goerli-workflow.md

  * [ ] Disable specific tests IF Not Used (e.g. `testCollateralIntegrations`, `testNewChainlogValues`, `testNewIlkRegistryValues`, ...)
    * [ ] Remove spell-specific part
    * [ ] Keep setup

>     * [ ] Skip by setting adding the `skipped` modifier

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
    * [ ] Skip by adding the `skipped` modifier
```

* [ ] Add new ChainLog Address in `addresses_goerli.sol` (e.g. Collateral Onboarding)
* [ ] Run Tests `make test` or `make test match=<test_name>` to inspect debug traces
  * [ ] Ensure Good Coverage

>   * [ ] Ensure every test function is declared as `public`
>     * [ ] IF the test is enabled, it MUST NOT have the `skipped` modifier
>     * [ ] OTHERWISE, if the test is disabled, it MUST have the `skipped` modifier

Reviewer: Nit: since there is only two checks here I would only use two checkboxes:
 1. Are all test functions public?
 2. Are all functions that needs to be run are actually not skipped?
```suggestion
  * [ ] Ensure every test function is declared as `public`
  * [ ] IF the test needs to run, it MUST NOT have the `skipped` modifier; OTHERWISE, it MUST have `skipped` modifier
```
